Add LDAP instructions + troubleshooting (#14771)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/ldap.md

### LDAP sample configuration

> In case you are running an LDAP server with an admin user of `admin` and a password like `adminpassword`, a root node of LDAP tree like `dc=example,dc=org` (example.org), user organizational unit like `users` and user group like `readers`, the configuration you need to include in Metabase is the following:

Reviewer: Consider breaking this paragraph out into a list to make it easier to read.

USERNAME OR DN: `cn=admin,dc=example,dc=org`
PASSWORD: `adminpassword`
USER SEARCH BASE: `ou=users,dc=example,dc=org`
USER FILTER: `(&(objectClass=inetOrgPerson)(|(uid={login})))` // could be left with the default value which will look for the user id both in the uid or email field
GROUP SEARCH BASE: `cn=readers`

### Related software for troubleshooting

> In case you run into an issue, make sure that you can login and use your LDAP directory with a software like [Apache Directory Studio](https://directory.apache.org/studio/). With it you can see the whole LDAP tree and check in the logs of your LDAP application the queries that are being done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into an issue, check that you can login and use your LDAP directory with a software like [Apache Directory Studio](https://directory.apache.org/studio/). You can use Directory Studio to see the whole LDAP tree and view the logs of your LDAP application to see the queries run.
```

### Current limitations

> - Metabase will populate the user profile with the name and surname a user has on LDAP on the first login. In case the user changes the name on the directory, it won't be automatically updated on Metabase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metabase will populate the user profile with the name and surname a user has on LDAP on the first login. In case the user changes the name on the directory, it won't be automatically updated on Metabase.
```

    volumes: 
    - /dev/urandom:/dev/random:ro
    ports:
      - 3000:3000
    networks:
      - metanet1
    environment:
      - "MB_LDAP_BIND_DN=cn=admin,dc=example,dc=org"
      - "MB_LDAP_ENABLED=true"
      - "MB_LDAP_GROUP_BASE=cn=readers"
      - "MB_LDAP_HOST=openldap"
      - "MB_LDAP_PASSWORD=adminpassword"
      - "MB_LDAP_PORT=1389"
      - "MB_LDAP_USER_BASE=ou=users,dc=example,dc=org"
      - "MB_LDAP_ATTRIBUTE_EMAIL=uid"
      # We are using the same field for email and first name, just for this example to work without modifications to the LDAP objects
      - "MB_LDAP_ATTRIBUTE_FIRSTNAME=uid"
      - "MB_LDAP_ATTRIBUTE_LASTNAME=sn"
  openldap:
    image: bitnami/openldap:2.4.57
    hostname: openldap
    container_name: openldap
    ports:
      - 1389:1389
    environment:
      - LDAP_ADMIN_USERNAME=admin
      - LDAP_ADMIN_PASSWORD=adminpassword
      - LDAP_USERS=user01@metabase.com,user02@metabase.com
      - LDAP_PASSWORDS=password1!,password2!
      - LDAP_PORT_NUMBER=1389
      - LDAP_ROOT=dc=example,dc=org
      - LDAP_USER_DC=users
      - LDAP_GROUP=readers
    networks:
      - metanet1
networks: 
  metanet1:
    driver: bridge
```

> If you don't pass environment variables to Metabase and you want to configure the environment manually, you can go to Admin->Settings->Authentication-> LDAP configuration enter the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't pass environment variables to Metabase and you want to configure the environment manually, you can go to Admin->Settings->Authentication-> LDAP configuration and enter the following values:
```

USERNAME OR DN: `cn=admin,dc=example,dc=org`
PASSWORD: `adminpassword`
USER SEARCH BASE: `ou=users,dc=example,dc=org`
USER FILTER: `(&(objectClass=inetOrgPerson)(|(uid={login})))` // you can leave the default value which will look for the user id both in the uid or email field
GROUP SEARCH BASE: `cn=readers`

### Related software for troubleshooting

> If you run into an issue, check that you can login and use your LDAP directory with a software like [Apache Directory Studio](https://directory.apache.org/studio/). You can use Directory Studio to see the whole LDAP tree and view the logs of your LDAP application to see the queries run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into an issue, check that you can login and use your LDAP directory with software like [Apache Directory Studio](https://directory.apache.org/studio/). You can use Directory Studio to see the whole LDAP tree and view the logs of your LDAP application to see the queries run.
```

### Current limitations

- Metabase will populate the user profile with the name and surname a user has on LDAP on the first login. In case the user changes the name on the directory, it won't be automatically updated on Metabase.

> - When using Metabase Enterprise with a MySQL database and LDAP enabled, make sure that you disable the sync of binary fields from your LDAP directory by using the `MB_LDAP_SYNC_USER_ATTRIBUTES_BLACKLIST` environment variable, as you may hit the 60K field size limitation of the text field in MySQL which will prevent the creation or log-in of your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using Metabase Enterprise with a MySQL database and LDAP enabled, make sure that you disable the sync of binary fields from your LDAP directory by using the `MB_LDAP_SYNC_USER_ATTRIBUTES_BLACKLIST` environment variable, as you may hit the 60K field size limitation of the text field in MySQL, which will prevent the creation or log-in of your users.
```
